---
layout: post
title: Live your philosophy
tags: [journal]
---
To know, is not knowledge. application of your what you KNOW is true test of your knowledge. 

Just knowing new things and not using is just like buying lot of books and not reading them. They are just kept as show piece. You are a man when you learn to apply philosophy in your daily life. That's the ultimate use of philosophy, to make you better than what you were. To enrich your life. There were great men before you, who dedicated themselves to the thoughts, rebelled against the authority. It is your duty to learn from those people. Good thoughts must not be refused.
I admire the ability of Marcus to tell himself each day about the duties he has to perform, about inevitable death, about being good. These are the recurring themes in his journal. I learn from him to be a man of principles and mental toughness.

Anger is not a response from intellect. Learn to control your anger. It makes you miserable. Breaks the social relations.
What does my trust worth? Why should I trust someone? How should I trust someone? Betrayal is bitter. But trust is the building block of our society. Anything you do, Just don't do it blindly. Use your wit. Trust is a very precious commodity. Spend it wisely.
The quality of thoughts determine the quality of our mind. Then why
not fill it with good thoughts. To think that's necessary and useful, and not about the pleasure and happiness that lasts only for a moment.

Kill your laziness. You are here to be a righteous man and to perform duties in this meaningless universe. As I say, Universe is meaningless, But being good and moral isn't. So be good and moral.