---
layout: post
title: The Greatest mistake of humanity
tags: [journal]
---

We have been doing a very big mistake. Despite it being so ubiquitous, we miss it everytime. 

Everyone, every generation, the great philosophers and prophets should be accused for committing this grave mistake. The solution was so Simple. It was all infront of us, but, simplicity was and never will be entertained by the brain. We love to think of complex causal connections, to appeal to some greatness up above, to whine about conditions but never stand upon our own feet. We have to use our trademark intelligence to remove the impediments on the road to human progress. The big mistake is about thinking and meditating upon the wrong ideas. Humanity has been witnessing unprecedented progress from some last centuries. It was a result of our quest to explain nature through nature itself, using scientific methods to improve technique and thus improving the standard of living. We have excelled on almost every benchmark of standard of living compared to people that lived just 300 years ago, But to continue this and this great start, we have a long road to go. To find better and more elegant solutions to our problem. But to continue this momentum of progress we have to bring a Change and this change needs to be fundamental.
A radical change in our philosophy, a fix of the Fatal Flaw.
The mistake is of thinking about is death. We entertain ourselves with the thought of what will happen after death, while disregarding what can we do Now, to make this world an even better place from before. The power of our rational intellect has been wasted but now it's time to acknowledge it. Why think about death and what happens after it and even what we were before birth? This can be debated on metaphysical basis but I will not discuss it here.
My point is simple, GRAB what's present & what have you got and how you can make the best of it. Your morality should not rest on the principles of fear. Think of how you can make this life better for yourself and others.
This line of thinking has been motivated by humanism. The principle the human life is sacred and we must all strive for making the life of humans as a collective better. A better world for everyone alive. Just shifting our thought from afterlife to Now will bring progress and philosophically advance human society. And by no means, I look this from a hedonistic point of view. That will be very parochial. Whole morality can be summarised to grab what you have at present and use it to reduce suffering in the present world.