---
layout: post
title: Bhutan trip and some philosophy
tags: [journal]
---
Recently went for a trip to Bhutan and it was good.                           

What should I talk about? the place and the people were nice. It was the first time in my life when I have seen mountains and hills covered in clouds, and it was like I saw a painting. Like someone has painted a beautiful scenery and put it right infront of my eyes. The sight was mesmerizing. The fresh air filled my lungs with joy and power, Felt like my body was rejuvenated. Summed up, I would say that I like greenery very much. Really green areas are my favourite and if I got a chance I would definitely settle in that kind of place.
But travelling is not just about Sightseeing and clicking photos. It is more than that. The thing that I learned that I wanted to say  is about the **total experience**. How should you gain a lot of insights from your experience, my question is how to best experience things consciously, so that it leaves a lasting impact on you. The idea of total experience first starts from within the self. Either if you are traveling or not, or you are doing something or nothing that doesn't matter, to have a fully enriching conscious experience of something you must first enable yourself intellectually, you must water your mind with great ideas of various kinds from various and innumerable topics, understand language and have a good vocabulary so that when you actually have an experience you can synthesize it intellectually and you are properly able to express it. It is the prerequisite. Because without it, your view would be very shallow. You mostly will end up talking about the visual experience and your mind will not be able to Synthesize any new ideas because there were none in the first place. So the first thing that you should perform whether traveling or not, is to consume intellectual content. Either through videos, books, courses or wherever medium suits you.
The next step comes when you have to actually experience the thing. Talking about travelling, don't just limit your experience to some senses. I mean don't just see. Try to engage and interact through as many senses as you can. see, what you have in front, if you are walking and there is no harm in walking barefoot then walk barefoot, touch things, close your eyes and smell. Take a deep breath, listen to your surroundings. Don't stop the chattering of your mind, because it is working to bring up some great thoughts. My point is to have a full sensory experience of the thing to have it leave an impact on you, and don't fear in doing anything if it is within the boundaries.
Fully realizing yourself should be an existentialist's prime goal. These two things are very basic and necessary to have an internal experience of things but it isn't complete. To complete it you must also take from outside, the experiences and ideas of others and that can happen only through conversation.
Engage with people, talk, learn how they react. May be casual. Don't shy away. Let things flow. Talk about anything, about things, about them, about stories or about anything. That is how you make it complete. That is what I call having a "total experience". whatever things and senses you think and feel write it down, carry notebook or do it on your phone, just for the purpose of writing. And don't forget that you have to take conscious efforts not to distract yourself. Because this is an era of distractions that pollute your experiences. You must use your phone only if necessary. And that is all there is about travelling or can be applied to anything that is meant to be experienced deeply.