---
layout: post
title: AI and art
tags: [journal]
---
What is art?    

This question has been revolving on my mind since yesterday when I saw a meme regarding the ability of AI to create art. what do I consider to be art? Is it the painting, or a piece of music, or dance, or cinema? for me, art is not something material, or something physical. It is, I would like to call pure Idea from an artist's mind. What we consider as art, let's say painting, or music, or cinema, or dance are not art in itself, it is a representation, a metaphor, or a means to represent that particular idea. So yeah, what we see is just a medium through which the artist is trying to convey to his or her ideas. We want to convey ideas to each other, the medium can differ. We can have original thoughts or find new ways to convey existing thoughts. Art is not just the job of the artist, Audience also has the responsibility to interpret the metaphor conveyed through the piece. So till then human exist, Art will live somehow and we should not see AI as an existential threat to art and fear that art would die. It is kind of a very commercial way to approach this thought. And at the end we are humans, we are built to create meaning out of everything, it's our Survival mechanism. So what  I conclude? Accept newness in any field and use it as a leverage to build Something original. AI is pseudo intelligence. I said, consider it as AI as an existential threat is a very commercial way of thinking, People fear that their art would not be consumed, they won't get sold. But Art is just a way of expression, using it only for the sake of creating wealth, loses the originality in it.